- [Instructor] Without pictures, videos and smart art
presentations can look pretty dull.
In this lesson you'll learn how to use tools in PowerPoint
to convey key points and make your presentations pop.
First open PowerPoint.
You can follow along with the sample presentation
in your exercise files.
It's called customer event example draft.
In this example, I'll be using a presentation
for a customer event I'm organizing.
To add a picture to this slide of my presentation,
I'll select insert from the top ribbon,
then pictures.
When I select pictures, a dropdown menu will appear.
I'll choose one of the options.
This device allows you to choose a picture
from your computer.
OneDrive allows you to choose a picture
from the cloud and your OneDrive.
Stock images are images and icons stored in PowerPoint.
Bing pictures allow you to import pictures
from the internet by searching for them.
I'll add a picture from online by selecting Bing pictures.
Now an online pictures window will appear.
Here you can search for and choose which picture to add.
There are many subcategories for you to search within.
In the search bar I'll type the word customer
and enter.
I can use the scroll arrows to search for the best option.
I'll select the picture that I want
and select insert at the bottom.
Now I can adjust the image.
Say I want to change the size of the image,
I'll right click the picture
and an editing options menu will appear.
This is where you can use the format picture tools
to crop, change the picture position relative
to the text and see other formatting options.
You can also change the size
of the picture by selecting the white points
at the corner to resize it.
Adding an online video is another option
to enhance your presentation.
To add a video from online to your presentation,
first select the slide where you want the video.
Then go to insert in the top ribbon and select online video.
A window will appear where you can enter the address
for the online video from YouTube, SlideShare,
Vimeo, or Stream.
Once you've entered the web address of your video,
you'll see a preview.
Select insert at the bottom of the window.
You can move the video by dragging it
where you want it to be.
If you want to change the size of the video,
right click the preview
and an editing options menu will appear.
You can also change the size of the video
by selecting the white points at the corners to resize it.
Another way to make your presentation pop is
to add smart art graphics.
To insert a smart art graphic,
select the slide where you want the smart art graphic.
Next select insert from the top ribbon, then smart art.
On the dropdown menu, select your preferred layout.
When the graphic is inserted on your slide,
a text editor box appears on the left of the graphic.
Each text bullet item in the editor
corresponds to one item in the graphic.
To add items, place your cursor next to the bullet
in the text editor box and enter your text.
You can add additional shape to your graphic
by pressing enter to add another bullet item
in the text editor.
You can delete shapes by deleting the bullet item
that you want to remove.
Now you're ready to add great visual touches to your slides.
Try using pictures, videos, and smart art graphics
to make your next presentation pop.